readme.md, before:

# Marlint [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/traveloka/marlint.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/traveloka/marlint)

> Simple Linter for Traveloka JS styleguide (based on [XO](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo))

Enforce strict code style. Never discuss code style on a code review again

No decision-making. No `.eslintrc`, `.jshintrc`, `.jscsrc` to manage. It just works!

Uses [babel-eslint](https://github.com/babel/babel-eslint) underneath.

## Basic feature

- ES6 support by default
- Flowtype compatible
- React (and JSX) support


## Code style

- 2 Space indentation
- Semicolons
- Single-quotes
- No unused variables
- Space after keyword `if (condition) {}`
- Always `===` instead of `==`

*Any of these can be [overridden](#rules) if necessary.*

Check out an [example](index.js) and the [ESLint rules](https://github.com/traveloka/eslint-config-marlint/blob/master/index.js).


## Install

```
$ npm install --global marlint
```

## Usage

```
$ marlint --help

  Usage
    $ marlint [<file|glob> ...]

  Options
    --init     Add Marlint to your project
    --compact  Compact output
    --stdin    Validate code from stdin
    --env      Environment preset  [Can be set multiple times]
    --global   Global variable  [Can be set multiple times]
    --ignore   Additional paths to ignore  [Can be set multiple times]

  Examples
    $ marlint
    $ marlint index.js
    $ marlint *.js !foo.js
    $ marlint --env=node --env=mocha

  Tips
    Put options in package.json instead of using flags so other tools can read it.
```


## Workflow

The recommended workflow is to add Marlint locally to your project and run it with the tests.

Simply run `$ marlint --init` to add Marlint to your `package.json`:

### Before

```json
{
	"name": "your-project",
	"scripts": {
		"test": "mocha"
	},
	"devDependencies": {
		"mocha": "^2.0.0"
	}
}
```

### After

```json
{
	"name": "your-project",
	"scripts": {
		"test": "marlint && mocha"
	},
	"devDependencies": {
		"mocha": "^2.0.0",
		"marlint": "^0.1.0"
	}
}
```

## Config

You can configure some options in Marlint by putting it in `package.json`:

```js
{
	"name": "your-project",
	"marlint": {
		"envs": ["node", "mocha"]
	}
}
```

[Globals](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#specifying-globals) and [rules](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#configuring-rules) can be configured inline in files.

### envs

Type: `array`  
Default: `['node']`

Which [environments](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#specifying-environments) your code is designed to run in. Each environment brings with it a certain set of predefined global variables.

### globals

Type: `array`

Additional global variables your code accesses during execution.

### ignores

Type: `array`

Some [paths](https://github.com/sindresorhus/marlint/blob/4a0db396766118d7918577d759cacb05cd99a354/index.js#L14-L20) are ignored by default. Additional ignores can be added here.

### rules

Type: `object`  

Override any of the [default rules](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-config-marlint/blob/master/index.js). See the [ESLint docs](http://eslint.org/docs/rules/) for more info on each rule.

Please take a moment to consider if you really need to use this option.

## FAQ

#### Why not ESLint / Standard / XO?

This project aims to simplify code convention across Traveloka javascripts code by just typing `marlint` and be done. No decision-making. No config. Standard is way too opinionated and the rules is not meant to be changed. We could use XO as it's the closest candidate in styleguide rule, but with slight modification, like adding support for ES6, Flowtype, and React. Unfortunately we need to create another config file and custom rule for every single JavaScript project. This tool is created to solve that problem.

## Editors

Coming Soon

## Related

- [eslint-config-marlint](https://github.com/traveloka/eslint-config-marlint) - ESLint shareable config for Marlint

## License

MIT © [Traveloka](http://traveloka.com)

Commit message:

package dependency update + readme update

readme.md, after:

# Marlint [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/traveloka/marlint.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/traveloka/marlint)

> JavaScript strict code style with ES6+ES7, React, and Flowtype (based on [XO](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo))

Enforce strict code style. Never discuss code style on a code review again

No decision-making. No `.eslintrc`, `.jshintrc`, `.jscsrc` to manage. It just works!

## Basic feature

- ES6+ES7 support
- Flowtype compatible (will not throw error on flow annotation)
- React (and JSX) support (with sane rules, like no implicit React dependency on JS file with JSX syntax)

## Code style

- 2 Space indentation
- Semicolons
- Single-quotes
- No unused variables
- Space after keyword `if (condition) {}`
- Always `===` instead of `==`

*Any of these can be [overridden](#rules) if necessary.*

Check out an [example](index.js) and the [ESLint rules](https://github.com/traveloka/eslint-config-marlint/blob/master/index.js).


## Install

```
$ npm install --global marlint
```

## Usage

```
$ marlint --help

  Usage
    $ marlint [<file|glob> ...]

  Options
    --init     Add Marlint to your project
    --compact  Compact output
    --stdin    Validate code from stdin
    --env      Environment preset  [Can be set multiple times]
    --global   Global variable  [Can be set multiple times]
    --ignore   Additional paths to ignore  [Can be set multiple times]

  Examples
    $ marlint
    $ marlint index.js
    $ marlint *.js !foo.js
    $ marlint --env=node --env=mocha

  Tips
    Put options in package.json instead of using flags so other tools can read it.
```


## Workflow

The recommended workflow is to add Marlint locally to your project and run it with the tests.

Simply run `$ marlint --init` to add Marlint to your `package.json`:

### Before

```json
{
	"name": "your-project",
	"scripts": {
		"test": "mocha"
	},
	"devDependencies": {
		"mocha": "^2.0.0"
	}
}
```

### After

```json
{
	"name": "your-project",
	"scripts": {
		"test": "marlint && mocha"
	},
	"devDependencies": {
		"mocha": "^2.0.0",
		"marlint": "^1.3.0"
	}
}
```

## Config

You can configure some options in Marlint by putting it in `package.json`:

```js
{
	"name": "your-project",
	"marlint": {
		"envs": ["node", "mocha"]
	}
}
```

[Globals](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#specifying-globals) and [rules](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#configuring-rules) can be configured inline in files.

### envs

Type: `array`  
Default: `['node']`

Which [environments](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#specifying-environments) your code is designed to run in. Each environment brings with it a certain set of predefined global variables.

### globals

Type: `array`

Additional global variables your code accesses during execution.

### ignores

Type: `array`

Some [paths](https://github.com/sindresorhus/marlint/blob/4a0db396766118d7918577d759cacb05cd99a354/index.js#L14-L20) are ignored by default. Additional ignores can be added here.

### rules

Type: `object`  

Override any of the [default rules](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-config-marlint/blob/master/index.js). See the [ESLint docs](http://eslint.org/docs/rules/) for more info on each rule.

Please take a moment to consider if you really need to use this option.

## FAQ

#### Why not ESLint / Standard / XO?

This project aims to simplify code convention across Traveloka javascripts code by just typing `marlint` and be done. No decision-making, no config. Standard is way too opinionated and the rules is not meant to be changed. We could use XO, but we have to add support for ES6+ES7, React and Flowtype everytime we add new JavaScript project and that means duplicate config file. This tool is created to solve that problem.

## Editors

Coming Soon

## Related

- [eslint-config-marlint](https://github.com/traveloka/eslint-config-marlint) - ESLint shareable config for Marlint

## License

MIT © [Traveloka](http://traveloka.com)
